# Englisch

## Report

5 Parts:
- Terms of Reference
- Proceedings
- Findings
- Conclusion
- Recommendation
	- Name and Date



### Layout

**Writing a report**

First of all read the question carefully and identify the following points:

1.         Who are you? Who is your boss? Which company do you work for? What sort of company is it (product/service etc)?

2.         Who is asking you to write the report?

3.         What is the main reason for writing the report? What does the person who asked you to write the report want to know and why?

**TITLE:…………………………………**

**Terms of reference**

_Who asked you to write the report, about what (and why) and by when do they need the report?_

e.g. Mark Pattison asked me to write a report by 20 March on current production problems because we have too many quality issues at the moment.

**Proceedings:**

_How you collected the information you used in the report._

I analyzed the quality reports from the production department, I spoke to the heads of department and carried out a survey of the production staff using an online and a paper questionnaire.

**Findings:**

_Only Facts and in full sentences_

A)…..

B)….

C)……

**Conclusions:**

_Only what the facts show._

**Recommendations:**

_I recommend…_

_I suggest.._

_I think the best way to solve this problem is to…._

_In my opinion the conclusion shows that we should….._

**Your name and the date**


### Report Burger Express

#### Terms of Reference
Mrs. Ann Cage, the managing director of Burger Express, asked me to write a report on 4 restaurants because we received multiple complaints by customers about them.

#### Proceedings
I went to every restaurant on the list anonymously and acted as a typical customer. In some cases I questioned the staff afterwards.

#### Findings
In Chester the only problem was, that the food could have been a little bit warmer when served.
In Shrewsbury people where not leaving the restaurant after being done with eating, so the restaurant got overcrowded and queues built up. The customers outside where complaining but the staff managed well.
In Bristol there were also queues outside the door, but here the issue was that the restaurant was short staffed so tables were piling up with used plates and the service was slow. I was told that many staff hadn't turned to work that day and that this is an ongoing problem there.
In Cheltenham the service was no issue but the cooking staff was clearly not up to the task because the food was undercooked, onions were missing on the burgers and the cheese tasted like leather.

#### Conclusions
Some restaurants have major issues, some only minor. In Shrewsbury the issues are not the workers fault but due to the customers' behaviour. In Bristol and Cheltenham the issues are much more severe and should be intervened and monitored further.

#### Recommendations
In Chester I suggest the Staff should maybe be told to keep the food warm for longer, nothing else has to be done.
In Shrewsbury there could maybe be a new rule set in to not linger for too long after eating so other customers could get served as well. But this could also lead to different complaints so I am not quite sure what could be done about it.
In Bristol I recommend that the staff needs to be overhauled so people are more likely to turn up to work. Not acceptable behaviour by the workers.
Lastly in Cheltenham either new and more experienced cooks should be hired or the current staff in the kitchen need to get better training.

J. Klimczok, 06.03.2024